Q1 - Spark
Tamoco uses Spark for most of the ETL workloads. When saving the final data,
we have an ideal target file size of around 115MB. Explain how you would make sure
that output files are approximately this size.

Solution:

In this case we can use the repartition() method to distribute the load.
Assuming we have 1TB of data and as our requreiment the output files should be 115MB.
So here we can calculate the ideal number of partition, in our case it will be approx 9k.
So in spark we can leverage the repartition() function as repartition(9000).
It will distribute the load across the clusters.

After partitioning the data you can save the partitioned data into desired file format with desired file Size.


Q2 - CI/CD

Tamoco uses Apache Airflow for orchestration. Airflow code is stored in a Github repository,
and we have a simple CI/CD pipeline built with AWS Code Build that copies any code merged
into the main branch of this repository into a S3 bucket.
Describe how you would add a step that checks that validates all the
Airflow DAGs before merging into the main branch.

Solution:

Step 1:
- To check the Airflow Dags before merging into main Branch we can set up a Pre-merge Hook or pre-commit.
  that can validate the Airflow dags.

Step 2:

- Create a validation script that check for any potential issues or errors in the DAG files.

Step 3:

- Incorporate the validation step in the pre-merge hook.

Step 4:

- Install necessary dependencies: Ensure that the environment
  where the pre-merge hook runs has the required dependencies installed.
  This includes Airflow, its CLI, and any additional packages or libraries needed for the validation script.

Step 5:

- Test the validation process: Perform thorough testing of the pre-merge
  hook and validation script to ensure they are working as expected.
  Test various scenarios, such as valid DAGs, invalid DAGs


Q3 - AWS Services

Tamoco regularly needs to send large amounts of data to clients (in the TBs range).
Assuming you know the exact location of the files inside Tamoco’s S3 bucket,
describe how you would send a large amount of data to an external S3 bucket.
In addition, outline how you would estimate the overall cost of the transfer.

Solution:

To transfer the Large Amount of data we should consider using DataSync
as we need to transfer data within the AWS so we will follow Transfer data within AWS
(move data from one location in the AWS Cloud to another.)

Step 1: Configuring
- First we need to set up the external S3 bucket for data transfer,
  We can set up via AWS CLI as Datasync doesn't have option to create location for different account.
- Need to be sure that we granted the Permission from both side of source.

Step 2: Setting up task for data transfer
- Create a DataSync Task for Source and destination location.
- BY using AWS console you can perform create and Run the DataSync Task.

Step 3: Schedule and Monitor
- DataSync also provide option to schedule this task, we just need to choose frequency of task.
- For errors and failures you can log task execution in CloudWatch.

Step 4: Calculate Pricing.
- We can use DataSync Pricing as it offer pay only for the amount of data transfer.
- We can also use AWS Pricing Calculator.


